You've arrived.
Come and have a look.
The only seven-star hotel in the entire building has prospered from today.
This place is a treasure door.
I remember two years ago.
I'd like to take 200 million packets down to the top floor.
But there is no market.
Why is their boss suddenly ready to sell?
That's weird.
Last night, a friend of mine suddenly called our company.
Tell their boss to withdraw cash.
But they worry that decades of dedicated effort will be destroyed by the upstarts.
Think over and over again
Our Don Group is the best fit.
Two one clap
I signed the contract this morning.
It's amazing.
King.
Have you stepped on dog shit recently?
Oh, sir.
See if you said it wasn't even Tang Thi Hong's husband and wife who raped?
Now release the previous chapter customs clearance rewards seven-star hotel Tu Cat Van Dinh ownership
Right.
This blessing.
Enough for a day.
The person in charge of Wang Zonglongcheng Group came to our hotel.
He said he wanted to sign a contract for the top floor of the hotel.
Birthday Party
Long Than Group
Yes, the young master suddenly appeared on the border of To city.
But it looks like the bottom is very thick.
Your hands are as big as your breath.
What the hell is a morning ball?
Isn't that the white glove that street boy Ye Chen made to flirt with girls?
The mission of survival is open.
Please live through the chapter of Su Moc Nguyet's birthday party
Success will receive a mysterious reward.
If it fails
Delete me directly, I've lost you.
What's wrong?
They insulted you.
Right.
Then young master, you say it.
Now I'll lead people to promote them first.
Don't panic.
Old Wang, then you will meet this investor first.
No matter what conditions he offers.
Always choose no.
Promise me everything.